it's September 23rd 2011 and you're
listening to epic blue time where I
review blues in boys I line again oh
come on seriously my brain is totally
fried this morning well you shouldn't
have stayed up all night playing the
Dominion map on League of Legends where
i'm using a blues in retarded boy see no
maybes penguin voices in insane voices
we never shut up don't you think you
should slow down a little you I de
bosser me I told you I could drink him
60 an hour I just don't think you should
be drunk during epic blue time well I
ain't drunk right hey what's that Jim
muff on your chin that's my beard
everything he can I touch it no doc come
on it off of me yes like in tiny cloud
we're broadcasting live you know oh yeah
just read the news sweat for our viewers
illiterate no well then they can read it
to themselves the whole point of the
show so they don't have to not a sound
rude but our listeners sound like a
bunch of lazy you can't say that hey
Meridan but I can get keg over here I
want to do a keg stand fine I'll read it
myself send it right over every year the
brewmasters friends Ross distillery to
Charlie's voodoo brewery the barley
brews and the Thunder please celebrate
their handiwork when two weeks
right outside
projectile vomiting ah that's just gross
can somebody help me carry him out of
here wait a minute yeah you can rally
Boston
let's go kill some big gala bugs also
kids and here you are the fans of this
show reading from the diablos in war
trilogy sep three thousand years before
the fall of peace from the trilogy
chronicles the journeys a simple farmer
who eventually becomes the first
descendant of the Nephilim the children
of the angels and demons who once
inhabited Sun too early you to manifest
the unspeakable power of that lineage
sort by both the Burning Hells and the
Archangel inarius this Ian must find a
way to harness his power and overthrow
the forces that would threaten humanity
saying into motion of instant would not
only reveal the existence of sanctuary
to the high heavens but shape the fate
of all mankind for all eternity I
received a lot more submissions than I
thought I would get so I couldn't
feature them all but I did listen to all
of them and there will be more
opportunities in the future so keep
practicing and be prepared today I'm
starting a brand new music project
code-named mechanical Yeti here are some
samples
this album will be a hybrid of trance
and dubstep in my first electronic
release since 2007 but it will not be
released under the mine flame handle to
get notified as soon as there's more
information on this project join the
email list and check mechanical yeti
that's all I have time for today but
I'll see you next week for more epic
blue time